# Bath
We start with a general form of system bath interaction Hamiltonian
```math
  H_{SB} = \sum_\alpha S_\alpha\otimes B_\alpha
```
and define each $B_\alpha$ (together with the bath Hamiltonian $H_B$) as an `AbstractBath` object. An important metric for any bath is its two point correlation function
```math
  C(t_1, t_2) = \langle \mathcal{B}(t_1) \mathcal{B}(t_2) \rangle
```
where
```math
  \mathcal{B}(t) = U_B^\dagger (t) B U_B(t)
```
and $U_B(t)$ is the unitary generated by the pure bath Hamiltonian
```math
  U_B(t) = \mathcal{T}\exp\Big\{ -i\int_0^t H_B \mathrm{d}\tau \Big\}
```
The spectrum density of the bath is defined as the Fourier transform of the correlation function and is usually denoted as $S(\omega)$. It is important to notice that, only for Gaussian bath(or bath which satisfies the Wick Theorem) does the correlation function uniquely determine the bath. Otherwise, high order correlation functions may be necessary. Nevertheless, it is still an area of active research on how to experimentally measure those high order correlation functions. So in most occasions, only two point correlation function is available to us and we treat the noise as Gaussian.

Currently, there are two build-in concrete types of the `AbstractBath` class -- [`OhmicBath`](@ref) and [`HybridOhmicBath`](@ref).
## Ohmic Bath
A self-consistent reference for Ohmic bath is [Albash, Tameem, et al.](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1367-2630/14/12/123016/meta) We can use [`Ohmic`](@ref) function to construct [`OhmicBath`](@ref) object
```julia
η = 1e-4; fc=4; T=16
bath = Ohmic(η, fc, T);
```
## Hybrid Ohmic Bath
A good reference paper for the hybrid ohmic bath model is [Lanting et al.](https://journals.aps.org/prb/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevB.83.180502) The model is generalized in [Smirnov and Amin](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1367-2630/aae79c/meta). The basic idea is, the noise spectrum of this bath model can be split into the low frequency and high frequency parts
```math
  S(\omega) = S^L(ω) + S^H(ω)
```
The high frequency part of the bath is the Ohmic and the low frequency part can be something like the $1/f$ noise. The benefit of this formalism is that, instead of the entire spectrum density, $S^L(\omega)$ can be parametrized by a single parameter in the macroscopic resonant tunneling(MRT) experiment.
